Shaders as media files (server-sent shaders) (#9907)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

`minetest.settings` can be used to read custom or existing settings at load
time, if necessary. (See [`Settings`])

> #### Media

Reviewer: erroneous extra header level added

All game assets, such as textures, sounds and models, are considered "media".
Media is identified by unique names and SHA-1 hashes and cached on the client.

The following file formats are supported:

* Images: `.png`, `.jpg`, `.bmp`, `.tga`, `.pcx`, `.ppm`, `.psd`, `.wal` and `.rgb`
* Sound: `.ogg`
* Models: `.x`, `.b3d`, `.md2`, and `.obj`
* Translations: `.tr` (custom format), not transferred to the client
* Shaders: `.glsl`

There are 5 corresponding media directories, each for certain types of media:

* `textures`: for most visual aspects
* `sounds`: for `minetest.sound_play`
* `models`: for entities or meshnodes
* `locale`: translation files for the client (See [Translations])
* `shaders`: custom graphical effects

> There also is the `media` directory for all kinds of media. Putting files in the wrong folders works but is frowned upon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There also is the `media` directory for all kinds of media. It is possible to
put files of the wrong type in a media directory, but this is discouraged.
```

I'm not sure if this should be documented

##### Shaders

> Custom shaders to be sent to the client. GLSL version currently is `120`. **Experimental.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom shaders to be sent to the client. GLSL version currently is `120`.

**Experimental:** this may receive breaking changes in the future, without warning.
```
